I John Brown am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty, land: will never be purged away; but with Blood.

The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways; the point is to change it.
We have no compassion and we ask no compassion from you. When our turn comes, we shall not make excuses for the terror.
All forms of the state have democracy for their truth, and for that reason are false to the extent that they are not democracy.

Why do the anti-authoritarians not confine themselves to crying out against political authority, the state? All Socialists are agreed that the political state, and with it political authority, will disappear as a result of the coming social revolution, that is, that public functions will lose their political character and will be transformed into the simple administrative functions of watching over the true interests of society. But the anti-authoritarians demand that the political state be abolished at one stroke, even before the social conditions that gave birth to it have been destroyed. They demand that the first act of the social revolution shall be the abolition of authority. Have these gentlemen ever seen a revolution? A revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is; it is the act whereby one part of the population imposes its will upon the other part by means of rifles, bayonets and cannon — authoritarian means, if such there be at all; and if the victorious party does not want to have fought in vain, it must maintain this rule by means of the terror which its arms inspire in the reactionists. Would the Paris Commune have lasted a single day if it had not made use of this authority of the armed people against the bourgeois? Should we not, on the contrary, reproach it for not having used it freely enough?

When feudalism was overthrown and "free" capitalist society appeared in the world, it at once became apparent that this freedom meant a new system of oppression and exploitation of the working people.
So long as the state exists there is no freedom. When there is freedom, there will be no state.

Social-Democracy is objectively the left wing of fascism.
It is difficult for me to imagine what "personal liberty" is enjoyed by an unemployed person, who goes about hungry, and cannot find employment.

No Investigation No Right to Speak!
Political Power Grows Out Of the barrel of a gun.


In dark times should the stars also go out?
Say one of these fascist or communist things or fuck off!
TRUE LOVE IS\nPOSSIBLE ONLY IN\nTHE NEXT WORLD\nFOR NEW PEOPLE\nIT IS TOO LATE FOR US\n <p style="color:Red;">WREAK HAVOC ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!</p>
Something beautiful is going to happen.
Dios mio, a liberal!
See you tomorrow
Mr Evrart is helping me find my gun
0.000% of Communism has been built.\n Evil child-murdering billionaires still rule the world with a shit-eating grin. All he has managed to do is make himself *sad*.\n He is starting to suspect Kras Mazov *fucked him over* personally with his socio-economic theory.\n It has, however, made him into a very, very smart boy with something like a university degree in Truth.\n Instead of building Communism, he now builds a precise model of this grotesque, duplicitous world.